It was morning already
But my mind is full of missing thoughts for you
But I’m still here singing my blues
Please don’t go anywhere
Don’t listen to those sweet words
To forget that I’m always here waiting for you every night
Many sorrows out there
Please don’t hesitate, just come back home
It was morning already
I’m waiting for you
Just be happy, don’t absorb in it too much
The clock still runs tik tok
Why don’t you come home?
Don’t be like that
Don’t break this fragile heart into pieces
Don’t say sorry
Where are you now?
Hey Mr. Taxi, what time is it?
I've just gone out for 30 minutes and have repeatedly sneezed
You post status and update story without a break
You said you missed Ricky OTD
The restaurant doesn’t get a chance to serve the appetizer
when the phone message tells me to go home (really?)
When the party is not over
I’m having fun with homies
On a crowded street, I have a hard and long way home to go though
I’m afraid of red light
I’m waiting at green light
You call you to come home immediately, otherwise my life will be over
I pass lots of crossroads
My friends invited me to go out, I ignored it all
You’re little too much, just depends on your charming beauty
Wait a minute, turn right and I could be at home
I’m waiting for you
Just be happy, don’t absorb in it too much
The clock still runs tik tok
Why don’t you come home?
Don’t be like that
Don’t break this fragile heart into pieces
Don’t say sorry
Where are you now?
15 minutes.. 5 minutes…, you only have 3 minutes left
Go home, baby. If not, hmm
Why do I keep longing for you?
Don’t be like that
Don’t break this fragile heart into pieces
Don’t say sorry
Where are you now?
Why don’t you come back?
Why don’t you come back home?